# Build source
1. Install DirectX 9.0c with link below. Before installing DirectX 9.0c, please remove Microsoft C++10 by opening program uninstaller on windows
https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspx?id=6812
2. Install Microsoft Visual Studio 2022

# Megaman X3 Game
![Atom](https://github.com/vanluom123/Megaman-X3/blob/master/Image/Mega-Man-X3-PC.png)

The game is written in C ++ language with DirectX 9.0c Engine to write games for games.

You can download here DirectX 9.0c.

https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspx?id=6812

If you are a 8 or 9x generation gamer, you must have heard the name Mega Man (aka Rock Man in Japan). According to the plot of the main game series, Rock is a robot created in the laboratory of Dr. Thomas Light. You will control the character of Mega Man, using the Mega Buster weapon that is integrated on the arm, to destroy the enemy along the way. After defeating Master Robots (which we often call "bosses") in each level, Mega Man will be able to use that character's special weapon.

Mega Man X Series: Capcom wants to upgrade the sound and graphics of the game from NES to SNES, so they released the Mega Man X game in 1993. This series introduces a new character with Graphics designed more complex graphics. Special emphasis on the guy "Mega Man X", upgraded from Rock by Dr. Light. Mega Man X3 is also in that development chain.

Mega Man X3 is the 3rd installment in the famous legendary blue robot series. This time, the player not only plays Mega Man X but also Zero. In this version, the player will have to defeat Dr. Doppler with his Sigma enemy.

The game begins with a large-scale Mavericks attack to destroy humanity. Mega Man X and Zero try to destroy the robot and capture Doppler to completely destroy the enemy. After being defeated, the doctor confesses that Sigma has forced a new robot to turn him into a dangerous virus. Your mission is to destroy this demon.

Mega Man X3 has 8 parts, of course, encountering the boss will be the last part and also the hardest part. Complete each section, you will get a power upgrade and better equipped for the final battle. Try to move quickly, aim accurately to blow away the enemy and conquer the final prize.

## Blast Hornet Stage

![](https://github.com/vanluom123/Megaman-X3/blob/master/Image/hornet(1).jpg)

He's the upper left icon on the map, or the only icon remaining if you're
following this guide closely. Go right and fight the Notor Bangers, then onto
the elevator and up past the Head Gunners. You won't be able to use this if this
is your first time here, but above the exit of the elevator is the platform for
summoning Ride Armors. Head right into an area with conveyor belts. 

*Head Enhancement Chip*
-----------------------

![Ảnh có chứa trong nhà Mô tả được tạo tự động](https://github.com/vanluom123/Megaman-X3/blob/master/Image/hornet(2).jpg)

This is tricky. Go all the way to the right end of the top conveyor belt. There
are spikes above you on the wall. Get as close as you possibly can without
touching them and wall jump off, then air dash as high as possible and grab the
wall directly above them to wall jump up to the capsule with the chip in it.
This one is the best one you can get that isn't the gold chip. It will gradually
refill your life meter and sub tanks while you stand still. It takes a while,
but it means you can go into every boss room with full health and tanks. If
you're going to get a non-gold chip, it should probably be this one. But since
you can only have one chip, it's probably still best to wait for the gold one.  
  
Head down the conveyor belts, fighting Notor Bangers, occasionally picking up
some health if you want it. There's some health in the lower left corner next to
a pit. Don't fall in the pit. Go right to fight a miniboss.

*Genjibo and Shurikein*
-----------------------

![Ảnh có chứa tòa nhà, ngoài trời, hàng rào Mô tả được tạo tự động](https://github.com/vanluom123/Megaman-X3/blob/master/Image/hornet(3).jpg)

The little enemy that flies in here is called Genjibo. That's not important. You
won't actually fight him. He'll project a wire frame enemy called a Shurikein
into existence. That's your target. It can roll around the room, occasionally
hopping, slowly roll all the way around the perimeter of the room, or spin
around hopping like mad. It will always start by doing those first two attacks
in that order. It's weak to the Acid Burst. Hang on to the upper left part of
the wall and shoot the Acid Burst from there until it stops rolling around. Then
jump over it when it's about to climb the wall. Remember that you can aim this
weapon directly up. If you're quick, it will never get the chance to use its
third attack.   
  
Head right through the door. Climb the building and deal with the flying enemies
and Notor Bangers. These blocks can be destroyed with a few shots. The second
set of blocks will destroy a part of the floor. Drop down.

*Chimera Ride Armor*
--------------------

![Ảnh có chứa đồ nội thất Mô tả được tạo tự động](https://github.com/vanluom123/Megaman-X3/blob/master/Image/hornet(4).jpg)

Use the Tornado Fang to destroy the wall on the left. Destroy the box and hop
down, then destroy the thing holding the Ride Armor. Hop in. Now you'll be able
to summon Ride Armors from the pads in each of the Maverick stages. The Chimera
Ride Armor is the most basic one. It can pretty much just dash, jump, and punch.
It's still a force to be reckoned with, however. Head up the elevator on the
left and punch your way out of these buildings.  
  
Head all the way to the right. If you didn't beat Gravity Beetle before coming
here, you'll have to fight a... miniboss? It's actually just a small robot that
loads boxes onto an aircraft. Destroy the boxes. I guess. I honestly don't know
what the point of this is. Once this part is over, continue right. 

*Heart Tank*
------------

![](https://github.com/vanluom123/Megaman-X3/blob/master/Image/hornet(5).jpg)

Head to the right building and jump in the Ride Armor, then hold up and jump out
of the Ride Armor while it's in the air, and air dash up to climb the wall. The
heart tank is on the top of the wall.   
  
Continue to the right. If this is your last Maverick stage and you haven't
fought Byte yet, he's waiting for you on the other side of this door. Otherwise,
it's another empty room to pass through. Head down past some more conveyor belts
and Notor Bangers. There's a Head Gunner down below, next to a pit.

![Ảnh có chứa trong nhà, tòa nhà Mô tả được tạo tự động](https://github.com/vanluom123/Megaman-X3/blob/master/Image/hornet(6).jpg)

More Head Gunners and some boxes. The first stack is harmless, but the rest will
cause a mini avalanche once you destroy them. Destroy them and wait for a box to
fall and explode and then dash past. Deal with these boxes and Head Gunners and
go. The boss awaits.

**Blast Hornet**

![Ảnh có chứa tòa nhà, trong nhà Mô tả được tạo tự động](https://github.com/vanluom123/Megaman-X3/blob/master/Image/hornet(7).jpg)

This guy does a lot of damage, but he's pretty harmless if you have his
weakness. 

**The Hard Way**  
  
His stinger does lots of damage. Don't let him sting you. He flies around the
room in a horizontal figure eight and takes up a lot of space so he's hard to
avoid. He sprays out clouds of tiny hornets that will grab onto you and continue
to damage you until you destroy them with a charged shot. The ones that don't
hit you will hang around the wall and floor for a while, still damaging you if
you touch them. After his life drops to 50%, he'll release an aiming reticle. If
this locks on to you, his hornets will home in on you.   
  
**The Easy Way**  
  
You can get a head start by charging up your Gravity Well before even entering
the room. When the fight starts, let it go to do a nice chunk of damage. Then
just spam regular Gravity Wells. They'll hit him no matter where he is in the
room and make him flinch. Stand next to the Gravity Well and it will return to X
quicker, meaning it can be redeployed quicker. Don't let up and you probably
won't even take a hit.   
  
**Parasitic Bomb**  
  
This will latch on to small enemies and explode. If there's another enemy
nearby, it will carry the first enemy and slam it into the second enemy and
destroy them both. Neat! If you charge it, homing reticles will appear around X
and target enemies, sending tiny hornets after them.
